Hello everyone and welcome to this
week's stellar developer meeting.
today I have a guest from the community.
We are doing another one of the
developer spotlights and today it's a
pleasure to say welcome to to Panfield
also known as Tupi. So welcome and thank
you for joining us today. Thanks a lot
for the invite. Really crazy to be here.
So I I know you've been you've been
super active in the community for a very
long time and I see I see you contribute
to our documentation to some of our
repos. You help out with the Stella
community funds and help out on on
Discord. I I see your name all over the
place. So I'm I'm super excited to to
talk to you today.
I I would just really just as before we
dive into what you're working on and
your own projects like what the what
the how did you get get into blockchain
and how did you get into to Stella in in
the way you are because you're very
involved.
Yeah. So  I've been involved now with
Yeah. So I've been involved now with
Stellar like actively for the last two
years I would say and I really started
to dive into because I when I switched
company I went to work for a bit ponda
so a crypto broker in Europe one of the
largest and I told myself okay if I'm
going to be a developer there maybe I
need to dive deeper in really a
blockchain project and because I was a
maintainer already of many open source
project  in the scientific python
project in the scientific python
ecosystem. I told myself, okay, now I
need to do something and I knew already
Stellar. It was really in the back of my
head. I I remember still I'm not sure if
it's still on the web page of
stellar.org, but there was this story
about  somebody in Peru having some
about somebody in Peru having some
ship and they wanted to tokenize the
sheep and exchange the ship for
something else. And this was still in my
mind and I just found that concept
fascinating. And so I was like, okay,
that sounds like a real  world utility
that sounds like a real world utility
and something which can have some good
social impact. And so I really wanted to
to get into that space and that's why
I picked Stellar  to to be the my
I picked Stellar to to be the my
platform of choice. And yeah, also at
that time it was just before the Sorban
started to to be beta and and and
together and yeah, I wanted to learn
rest was in Rust. So I was like that's a
perfect match. So that's how I started
really to to be active in the community.
Okay, that's great.  so so you said
Okay, that's great. so so you said
you you didn't  you didn't know Russ
you you didn't you didn't know Russ
to before you started  working. How
to before you started working. How
how do how have how have the onboarding
process to Sorban? How has that been for
you? You've been along for maybe a
little bit longer. So so what is what is
experience?
Yeah. So my previous experience was
purely just Python because I'm a Python
developer day-to-day job. U so I I would
say I'm a good Python backend developer.
So zero experience in front end either.
So JavaScript and and all of that and
the documentation was just amazing.
without any prior knowledge to to Rust
or anything. I had everything that I
wanted to to have and I also have had
zero experience in blockchain
development either.  so I knew what a
development either. so I knew what a
smart contract was and the the concept
of it but I did not know any subtlety
about  TTLs and lifetime and all of
about TTLs and lifetime and all of
that and  how you deploy a contract
that and how you deploy a contract
and and all this this nitty-gritty
details. I had no clue about all the
complexity and the documentation was
just just a breeze to to to read and
and yeah when I had questions which were
not answered the community was just
amazing to like the discord and also on
Twitter people are super helpful. So
it's just easy I would say. Great. So
when when you started working  when
when when you started working when
you started developing on on stellar did
you have a purpose? Was a problem? Was
there a project you wanted to build or
did your current project come along
later? How how does that happen? Yeah.
Know I at first I really started with
some I I did not have like a a concrete
idea I wanted. I I had some some toy
problem that I had in my in my head that
I wanted to to do.  maybe some people
I wanted to to do. maybe some people
in the audience also saw saw some some
of these. I had an idea with a I had a
Raspberry Pi and I wanted to to build
like  a gimmified platform where you
like a gimmified platform where you
actually you have a a pump and you use
the you pump and as much as you pump if
you pass a threshold and it's going to
to do a trigger and and to send some
tokens. So I had something like that
that I hacked away. That was my first
contract actually and   yeah that's
contract actually and yeah that's
that's what I built first and I even
made a YouTube video about it.  and so
made a YouTube video about it. and so
yeah, I I did one idea like that and and
the second one that I did was I wanted
to explore around the tokenization of
things and make a make a a token and but
push a bit further. And so there I was
okay I had this idea of looking at
live data so weather data and so I was
looking at the the expansion of the ice
and the contraction of the ice in the
Arctic. And I was like, okay, I'm going
to put that data and use that data to
either mint or burn a token. And so I
had sort of an oracle in mind. And  so
had sort of an oracle in mind. And so
I built another project like that. And
building these two project  gave me
building these two project gave me
some confidence into building smart
contract interacting with the community
as well. And all everything is working
basically. Great. I I think that I think
it's a really good way to learn like
build something fun, something maybe not
super serious, but kind of get some
experience building something that that
you enjoy to do and where you can get
some user interactions and and see
people enjoy it. So I think that's a
great that's a great way to to start get
building something more let's say more
serious.  so can you maybe talk a
serious. so can you maybe talk a
little bit about the project you are
working on and I know you have a
presentation as well. We can go into it
a little bit. I think it's super
interesting to see see what the
community is building. So
I guess I need to upload the tech.
So, oh perfect. Okay. Yes. So, the
project I'm building is called Tensu.
, and so the background of all of that
is that as I said earlier, I'm a
maintainer of  some famous open source
maintainer of some famous open source
project in in scientific Python. So
one of them is called Cypi and Cypi is
downloaded close to 100 millions of time
per month. So it's it's really huge.
it's really  one of the powerhouse of
it's really one of the powerhouse of
all the scientific Python tools like
packages like a psychic learn if you do
some AI or PyTorch behind the scene they
they leverage  these tools.  and so
they leverage these tools. and so
I've been a maintainer of this this tool
for  like five years or something like
for like five years or something like
that and also deeply involved here in
the in the open source world and so I
know the challenges that the maintainer
face are facing and also I know also the
the struggle that can come to into using
the the software and I I wanted to try
to solve some of the problems that I've
seen by building a tool which  is sort
seen by building a tool which is sort
of interacting with with GitHub. So I'm
not envisioning to replace GitHub at
all.  because I think GitHub is is
all. because I think GitHub is is
nice to store the the code and
everything but I think we're missing on
on two key areas which are first of all
the security  because I think in in
the security because I think in in
GitHub now they're building tools around
security and and around securing the
supply chain and  because when you're
supply chain and because when you're
building something on GitHub at the end
of the day what you want to to ship is a
software and artifact and GitHub now has
tools in order to to secure a bit all of
that and to ensure the provenence and to
ensure that the code was not altered and
things like that. But I think there's
still like a long way to to go into
really fully secure that. And the other
aspect which is the aspect that  I I
aspect which is the aspect that I I
wanted to to really  cover with my
wanted to to really cover with my
tool when I when I started to to build
it is the community aspect.  I'm
it is the community aspect. I'm
saying that because as a maintainer of
of of a big tool like that, how is the
typical workflow in the governance going
is that you have a mainly list and
you post your idea on the main list and
sometimes it's sitting there for years
and maybe somebody's replying and and
saying oh you have a good idea or not
and then  there's a bunch of
and then there's a bunch of
discussion happening it's never fair
it's never really transparent there are
a lot of background discussion happening
lot of lobbying and I wanted to have
something which allow the committee to
be a bit more transparent to have  a
be a bit more transparent to have a
ways to to really  push ideas and have
ways to to really push ideas and have
all the ideas evaluated in a fair
manner, transparent manner and  so so
manner, transparent manner and so so
that's really on the idea side and the
community side and another point that
people also may may know about free open
source software is the the free aspect
it's a double edged world in the
sense that there's a lot of people who
wants to  to build this software they
wants to to build this software they
are dependent the pond but then at the
end of the day  we have a limited
end of the day we have a limited
amount of time. We all have jobs and
it will be better it will help if you
will get compensating sometime for for
the the effort and that you put into
this software and some big project like
scypi we do get some some funding  so
scypi we do get some some funding so
it's it's very modest I have to say
right now in the bank account of scypai
maybe there's around
$100,000 and that's a software which is
as I said used by millions of user
around the world really dependent upon
and there are 30 maintainers ers active
on the project. So it's huge and
something like 100k is not doing going
to to help anything. You can you can
barely hire  one or two two developer
barely hire one or two two developer
fulltime if you wanted to and that's the
budget we we managed to get after 10
years of funding or something like that.
so there's really limited budget and
and also the way it's being collected
and distributed it's not very
transparent. And so with tonsu I want to
to have tools in order to be able to
distribute this money a bit more fairly.
because now when you would get a
grant for instance maybe you split the
grant into some principal investigators
or two or three people but what about
all the people reviewing your code
contributing to all this discussion and
everything  there's a lot of people
everything there's a lot of people
who are left  aside there and I want
who are left aside there and I want
to try to  to have tools a bit for for
to try to to have tools a bit for for
that. So, Tanu is just a platform on top
of GitHub which is  the goal is to
of GitHub which is the goal is to
help with putting really
decentralization back into Git.
because yeah, GitHub is one this this
one giant platform which is very
centralized. You push your code on it.
, but then if tomorrow you you're not
happy with the state of the world or
something, you can decide to change your
code there. And this can have drastic
consequences on on on all the people
that that depends on you because on
GitHub, you can just force push on the
main branch. There is not much history.
, if you don't monitor it, you won't
know that anything happened and you can
really break people there. , same goes
with the community. You can really
not listen to what what what people are
saying. you can push in electoral
decisions and things like that. Nothing
is really fair. And so here I want to
have tonsu which really gives the
community a voice  and  also have
community a voice and also have
decentralized organization basically
that allows to do specific actions  in
that allows to do specific actions in
a in a trustless manner
basically and yeah by the way if anybody
has any questions I'm not sure I see if
there is anything in the chat so far but
yeah feel free to to stop me. Yeah, I
don't see any questions so far, but
yeah, anyone who has questions, feel
free to ask in the chat. Perfect. And
yeah, we'll soon drop to a demo that
will be
there. And so so okay, what is Tanu
today? So Tanu so far received
funding from from SDF  two funings. So
funding from from SDF two funings. So
which allow to to build the following
so on the left side. So  a smart
so on the left side. So a smart
contract and a DAP  which are on test
contract and a DAP which are on test
net.  I also managed to build a
net. I also managed to build a
decentralized organization. So from
scratch I'm not depending on on
anything. The only thing I'm depending
on which is a gra project it's a roban
domains. That's my way to sort of
prevent people to abuse a bit the
system. I force people when they
register the project to have a solar
band domain for their project. And so
this way you have a collateral for the
project itself and if people abuse and
create too many project we can deal with
that with with bandan domain.  and
that with with bandan domain. and
then I added some  some features to
then I added some some features to
start to give some money to project. So
this is the support feature.  and on
this is the support feature. and on
the security side I have this commit the
hash on chain which I will I will show
later what I'm working on right now.
I'm actually I have an open pull request
to add anonymous voting to the system. I
believe that would be the first
anonymous voting platform  on on on
anonymous voting platform on on on
stellar.  so I'm pretty excited about
stellar. so I'm pretty excited about
that.  everything's working.  on the
that. everything's working. on the
smart contract side basically right now
I'm just reworking a bit the the the DAP
itself to make it work.  so I really
itself to make it work. so I really
hope to have that out. I don't know
maybe in one week or two weeks.
because yeah the the front end side as I
said I'm not a front end developer. I do
have some help from a front end dev and
yeah because I have the day job it's
it's a bit hectic and sometimes I have
to to push some nights to to try to to
push things but it's getting there.  I
push things but it's getting there. I
have another friends actually who's
helping me on the on the next point. So
critical vulnerability analysis and
things like that. We want to push all
this information on chain and to link
this information with the state of the
project.  and same for the the res
project. and same for the the res
artifact. So adding more features
towards the decentralized part
decentralized organization part and also
to the security part.  that's the
to the security part. that's the
focus right now.  yeah that's just a a
focus right now. yeah that's just a a
quick road map that  that I have in
quick road map that that I have in
mind. So as I said I I had  SCF award
mind. So as I said I I had SCF award
which all to kickstart all of that.
we build I built all that in one quarter
basically  to to have the the first
basically to to have the the first
P and to be on test net. So was pretty
fast  because I had really a clear
fast because I had really a clear
idea what I wanted to do.  and now I'm
idea what I wanted to do. and now I'm
really in this SCF build.  I already
really in this SCF build. I already
finished the first trench. I'm on the
second trench and I'm  beginning to
second trench and I'm beginning to
collaborate with another great project
trustful  to add  a layer on the
trustful to add a layer on the
decentralization part. I actually don't
want to use a token really for the this
for the organization. I want to use a
trustbased system. It's a bit similar to
how nodes are talking to each other
in the consensus protocol and stellar.
we using trust and here I want to
also use trust that we place on people
on maintainer and on participant in the
community. So the more active you are in
the community and the more  good
the community and the more good
social impact you make in these
communities you will get basically
badges.  this is the the concept that
badges. this is the the concept that
trustful is is bringing and  and with
trustful is is bringing and and with
this you will get actually your voting
power.  so I I prefer that over having
power. so I I prefer that over having
just a monetary incentive u because yeah
money is lacking. I prefer the money to
go to a  the support of the project
go to a the support of the project
than than that.  there's a question
than than that. there's a question
like launch to sponsor transaction. I
actually have to look into launchship.
because to be completely honest, I
still don't really understand what
launchship is is fully doing.  but
launchship is is fully doing. but
definitely I I see a lot of a lot of
people talking about it and and  and I
people talking about it and and and I
I hope on the call sometimes to to see
what Tyler is is building and so  so
what Tyler is is building and so so
yeah I will definitely have to look into
into that  to pay tax fees for this
into that to pay tax fees for this
interaction. Yes. So that's the so for
now  I I don't put any  any premium
now I I don't put any any premium
or on any features but that's something
I will need to think about if one day I
really want to make this profitable in a
way.  but right now I There is nothing
way. but right now I There is nothing
like and you can see the code everything
is open source pay master sponsor. Yeah.
Okay. And but yeah right now there's
zero fees and the only way that right
now tonsu would make any money is there
when you click on the support button
which I will show  you can decide to
which I will show you can decide to
leave a tip to the platform. Right now
there is just
that and yeah that brings me actually to
the presentation of the of the D itself.
And if I manage to present the tech
share screen that's this one
tech can I share I can share
it
yes perfect
so yeah you can  so the the main
so yeah you can so the the main
website of Tensu it's just tensu.dev
here you can find some some rough
documentation. I'm saying rough because
I have the I'm a back end dev so I my
tendency is to write code and forget a
bit the documentation but there's still
some documentation to to go through to
how to create your new project
explaining a bit of rational about the
soran sorban domain.  I also have a
soran sorban domain. I also have a
concept of a tonsu file to describe a
bit your project. Basically, it's a way
to map  your GitHub profile to your
to map your GitHub profile to your
Stella address. That's one of the main
feature. And the other feature is just
to give  to to to have   some
to give to to to have some
social link attached to your project
because I don't want to store all of
that on a smart contract. And u
something I have to mention is that I'm
trying everything I can to not have a
back end at all because I really believe
in
decentralization and and I think that
that's really what we were trying to do
here in blockchain in general and to me
using a backend and having something
hosted on GCP or AWS would sort of
defeat a bit the purpose of everything
we're trying to do. So I'm trying to
have everything running locally on the
on the client side  and if not then
on the client side and if not then
it's running on the on the contract. So
there's no database or anything like
that. And I'm really trying everything I
can to to avoid all of that. I mean even
think about using distributed database
using IPFS and things like that if ever
I I have the needs to use a database.
there's also developer sections to
discuss a bit about the architecture.
so things which are  also in the  in
so things which are also in the in
the SCF proposal that you you can you
can have a look at  then the contract
can have a look at then the contract
address  and and some links  and the
address and and some links and the
the app itself. So I can directly jump
into the
h and so yeah that's the main app.  so
h and so yeah that's the main app. so
if you ever went into the app  you
if you ever went into the app you
will notice that it's really different
now because I just merged like two days
ago this revamp of the UI. So I'm I'm
really happy with the with the result.
I had the design designer team
working for two months on it.  so
working for two months on it. so
thanks to the SEAF funding that I was
able to do that. That's pretty amazing.
So the logo and everything and all the
look and feel u it's really really
helped me a lot made it possible.  so
helped me a lot made it possible. so
how is the app is working is that
basically you you have your project so
yeah you can search for a project it's a
normal search so tansu I have tonsu if I
don't find anything it's going to tell
me oh there is nothing on chain  and
me oh there is nothing on chain and
then I can create a new project  so
then I can create a new project so
I'm not going to do that here just going
to an existing project so tansu  so
to an existing project so tansu so
here you have a bit of details and then
you look at your project itself so I
register tonsu and tonsu it can be a bit
confusing Sorry.  because yeah, I
confusing Sorry. because yeah, I
wanted to to manage my own project with
my own tool basically.  so what is the
my own tool basically. so what is the
project page? So the project page  I
project page? So the project page I
can I can quickly go over it. So you
have some some quick information here.
you have this famous support button
which allows you to to give some tips to
the the tools that you use if you like
what they're doing.  so here as I said
what they're doing. so here as I said
that's the only way that right now tons
protocol will be receiving any any
funding. So by entering here an amount
so here you can you can do that.
quickly on the wallet side because
here there was a there was something to
sign I'm using the stella wallet kit. So
this is
on but you may want to look into
protocol. That's running aware but
interesting. Okay thank you. I will have
a look. Let me copy
that. All right, copy that. Thanks.
Thanks, Matias.
, yeah. And so here  the the main
, yeah. And so here the the main
information that you have and the
information which is actually stored on
chain  is this thing the the last
chain is this thing the the last
hash.  so yeah here you see I have a
hash. so yeah here you see I have a
bug apparently because you don't see the
hash but you you see it   you see it
hash but you you see it you see it
here being being represented. So you
have all the hashes here  and you can
have all the hashes here and you can
actually go onchain and see the the
project itself. So let me just quickly
go there.
So here's the contract itself and every
time you do something yeah you would see
it see it here and here are all the
entries and so how is the project
defined let me try to find it so yeah
here here's the the project defined so
here is saliv but had tonsu yeah here's
the project how it's defined so that's
that's basically the information store
on chain I saw the project name some
config  itself so who are the
config itself so who are the
maintainer of the project so who has
really  access on
really access on
it.  and and after that I have some
it. and and after that I have some
some other metadata associated to that
and the the main metadata right now is
the the last state of the project on
GitHub which is a commit hash. So this
is  this store in in another entry. So
is this store in in another entry. So
yeah this seems yeah exactly this
that key for tensu  here is the same
that key for tensu here is the same
as here  last hash and that's the last
as here last hash and that's the last
hash which is register right now which
correspond to a commit which exist and
so if I go back when there is
actually a match  with unshaded data
actually a match with unshaded data
and the data that you find on GitHub
it's indicating you that everything is
fine here  you have a green tick and
fine here you have a green tick and
so if somebody would compromise GitHub
basically and overwrite the commits on
GitHub. This will get read and I in the
future I will add some triggers which
will send some notification to people to
say that hey something happened  on
say that hey something happened on
GitHub versus what's on chain. So that's
one of the main security feature that I
have right now and  the same goes with
have right now and the same goes with
the configuration to say who's
maintainer who's not maintainer. So this
is check against the this tomal this
this tensu tomal file that is I'm
comparing the data which is in this file
with the data that have function to to
to have this this sort of check.  so
to have this this sort of check. so
yeah here you have the the commit
history here you have this commit that
we just saw this F72 which was on which
is verified and because I defined some
maintainer this is the last one that
I've done to and here I'm a verified
maintainer in this list. So you have
some indication here of what's on chain
and and to be able to verify that. So
that's the first part, the security part
and the most important part for me is
really this  governance part. And so
really this governance part. And so
if I go on the governance, that's really
your your DAO. You have not the Dow for
the complete
for for Tanu, but for every single
project you you get a Dow, your own D.
So this page will look different for for
everybody. And maybe if I go back to
the to the explorer
itself, I can quickly show it. Here you
have the DA of Tensu basically here and
here you have all the list of proposal
and so on you can directly see who voted
who approved  or abstain  and what's
who approved or abstain and what's
the status of the vault the title and
here you have something you have IPFS
because I don't store the proposal
themselves on chain but I use  I use
themselves on chain but I use I use
IPFS  so once again I see some
IPFS so once again I see some
questions detail from the Gitcoin
yeah I I look into Gitcon. Actually,
if you look if you go to see my
proposals  for SCF, you will find the
proposals for SCF, you will find the
technical documentation and at the end
of the technical documentation, I made a
I had a look at  everything which
I had a look at everything which
was out there around G around
decentralization and all of this concept
and I made a comparative analysis of
what I think of  missing or or was
what I think of missing or or was
good and I'm trying to combine all of
the the nice concept and have it there.
basically what is the actual data that
is being stored on chain for the project
I worried about state expiration  so
I worried about state expiration so
yeah the data on chain I hope I'm
answering right now the questions  and
answering right now the questions and
otherwise for the state expiration
yeah that's something actually I'm still
thinking about it exactly how it should
work and how I should extend all the
TTLS and things because I'm I'm not sure
actually right now so  so for now I'm
actually right now so so for now I'm
not really dealing with it because I'm
I'm still on test so I still have the
freedom to do that. But that's
definitely something I'm looking into. I
have an openish on that to but I I I
still need to to take more time to just
think about how the the workflow is
going to to work this how should I
pronounce your discord name. Tupi it's
my it's my second name actually. I asked
the same question before we joined.
Yeah, it's a classical
question. All right. So going back on
the on the  on the proposals
the on the on the proposals
themselves. So let me just open a
proposal to see how it looks like.  so
proposal to see how it looks like. so
this data as I just shown before is
stored on IPFS. So what you just saw
right now is loading the data from IPFS.
As I said there's no back end or
anything and everything's running client
side. So this was loaded from IPFS.
that's the proposal itself. When you
create a proposal you can put an image,
you can put whatever you want. I have
like a markdown editor. You can put
tables and all of that.  and then all
tables and all of that. and then all
goes to IPFS. So I can actually open the
the link and you will show how it
is. Yeah, it's
[Music]
loading. It's funny. It's loading faster
on my thing than the IPFS itself. Wasn't
he in Austria?
Yeah, I'm living in Austria in Jenna,
but I'm French coming from Tahiti if you
want this to be even more
confusing. Okay, I the IPFX Explorer. I
don't know what is happening, but yeah,
you see the link here. It's a IPFS link.
, yeah, it's not loading for some
reason. And I mean, this is not
my my internet. I don't know.
starting again. No, I mean the link is
there. I don't know. IPFS, but it's
loading here. So, you have it here. ,
one concept I have on the on the D
itself, it's pretty surprised. Yes. One
concept I have with the the DA proposal
is that I have the concept of outcome.
And so when a proposal is accepted  it
And so when a proposal is accepted it
can execute when when you're going to
execute the proposal itself and to to
have the the tally being calculated
you're actually going to be able to say
okay if it's approved please execute
that transaction and so  here you have
that transaction and so here you have
an example of of ex that I put so here
in this it's a trivial example that I
put here but you can put any any when
you create a proposal and so if the when
you execute a proposal You're going to
have like a screen telling you this is
going to be executed when you actually
execute the proposal. And so the the
ting is going to be made and this is
going to be also also sent. So what what
can you use that for? You can use this
for instance to add a m not just to pay
people but to me it was to do some
special action for maintainers. For
instance, if you wanted to change the
structure of your governance, you can
say you can have a proposal saying, "Oh,
yeah, what about we add  I don't know
yeah, what about we add I don't know
pumpfield to to this other community."
And so you will make a proposal and the
the XDR itself would just be to call
the tanu contract itself and to add
myself to another project and people
when they vote and when you execute that
then I would be able to be added
automatically  into the into that new
automatically into the into that new
organization. So this way you can really
manage your  the the whole governance
manage your the the whole governance
of your project on chain as well or the
aspect that you have on chain.  and
aspect that you have on chain. and
also you can yeah have font
distributions and all of that. And what
I want to to do afterwards is so right
now it's very manual. You have to
create your own XDR and paste it there.
But what I want to have is templates
that people can use and they will be
able to to have like I don't know a drop
down and then select yeah I want to add
a maintainer. Boom. And then you will
have a few fields to fill and boom it
will just pre build the easier for you.
and I also want to be able to have
some things that you preign and then
everything is being able to to be
executed automatically and things like
that. So this is coming but the the main
feature right now is is there is you you
have this ex that you can
execute and yeah I think that's
basically it.
, if you have any questions,
I don't know if there was any other
questions. I think you got through all
of them. Perfect. Yeah, super exciting
to see to see it. I I've been poking
around a little bit  just to play with
around a little bit just to play with
it and I think it looks it looks great.
I think it's it's a Thank you. it's a
great great  great project and
great great great project and
yeah, I love to see how much you you
decentralize the the DAB as well. So, so
yeah, really really interesting
projects. , do did do you have
anything else in the presentation, the
other presentation? , no, that that
was it. , yeah. I mean, my next big
thing is really to to bring  anonymous
thing is really to to bring anonymous
voting there. , this I'm really
excited about. , I've been working
like a lot on that and learning as well.
I I knew nothing about zero knowledge
and homorphic encryption and all of that
and I just got the idea when I saw the
protocol 22 update that it was bringing
that and then I started to look into it
and I really like the concept and and I
think that's bring quite some value to
to the project if I if I had that
feature and so yeah the  I have an
feature and so yeah the I have an
open source an open pull request
everybody can check out the code and and
yeah please feel free to to also use
what I've discovered
And when what about to for your own
project?
Okay.  yes. So Matias is asking yeah
Okay. yes. So Matias is asking yeah
using NQG for for the voting.  yes
using NQG for for the voting. yes
sort of like with this  badges that I
sort of like with this badges that I
want to use. So the trustful the the
project that I want to use. They they
have this concept of badge and I want to
sort of have some neurons which are how
many badges do you have and what kind of
badges do you have?  and this maybe
badges do you have? and this maybe
with on top things like okay how many
times you we can actually in the history
of GitHub we can find your name and
this will maybe give you like a a power
on the  on the the actions that you
on the on the the actions that you
have on chain to say oh you're an active
maintainer  and you can also have like
maintainer and you can also have like
some crown job running in the background
to say oh if you've not been active for
that  that long code wise then maybe
that that long code wise then maybe
we remove your code access and things
like that. So you can I'm really
thinking about all these kind of
things on pola dot. No, I did not know
about
that. It's great. That's why I like
stellar so much.  have so many people
stellar so much. have so many people
giving you ideas like that and and
sharing interesting things. Thanks.
just now I feel compelled
to please do have a look. Everything is
open.  right now it's very easy. I
open. right now it's very easy. I
have a monor repo  because yeah I'm
have a monor repo because yeah I'm
just working myself basically on it and
yeah it's it's on my GitHub profile.
so GitHub
tonsu and then soroban versioning is
called the the repo. Yeah it's great. I
I love you you bring a lot of new ideas
to the table here. I think there's some
of the solutions you're working on is
something we probably haven't seen or
haven't seen a lot of in the community.
So I I hope this is a an inspiration for
everyone else  to go and take a look
everyone else to go and take a look
at at at your project, take a look at
the code, see some how how you're
solving some of these  these these
solving some of these these these
challenges or creating some of these
creative solutions to
to sometimes well-known problems  or
to sometimes well-known problems or
some new
problems, new ways of doing things. So,
it was it was really great to get to get
to get the opportunity to chat with
you and to see the project you're
working on and  yeah, thank you so
working on and yeah, thank you so
much for joining.
Thank you very much for the invite and
yeah, thanks for the audience for all
the nice questions.
Okay, great. I think we'll wrap it up
here then.  we will be back next
here then. we will be back next
Thursday and  if anyone out there has
Thursday and if anyone out there has
a cool project that they would like to
talk about  here on the still a
talk about here on the still a
developer meeting please reach out to
me. I think I think it's very
interesting to see some of these
projects and and and talk to to the the
developers behind it and hear some of
some of their their thinkings about how
how they they solve these problems. So
thank you everyone for joining. I see
you next week. Thank you.
Thanks everybody. Bye.